MISC
! make get sec fail if the date is less than last time
find a good place to put stray file documentation
make sure you commented scripts
remove all the explicit references to uses in err documentation and convert them to @see
write styleguide
make new errors!
rename gen_id to set_id
make sure that capitalization is consistent on error entries
ensure that all t_new declarations are checked at the beginning of funcs
add underscores to all the shcon_util functions
make an _ENOBLAME error
in docs, only refer to types when talking about return values
figure out if resetting read semaphore manually with SEM_UNDOs pending is safe
make recv and send check if the thread is locked (but do not lock it)

WEDNESDAY
finish msg loop protocol
! change recv to match the msg_loop usge (indicate if message is new)
start test functions
3 misc
THURSDAY
write test functions
write test programs
3 misc
FRIDAY
document protocol functions
remember to unlock when returning from message loop!!
redocument wrong functions
3 misc

MONDAY
start test functions
2 misc
TUESDAY
finish test functions
start debug
2 misc
WEDNESDAY
debug
2 misc
THURSDAY
debug
2 misc
FRIDAY
document
2 misc

NOT READY
kill messages should be overwritten by new threads
add provisions to still connect to a shm with the wrong version if there are no connections and it was made by mm
create user interface
create function to recursively create directories
alter makefile to produce files from .in
look up how to check for and catch memcpy errors.
make str_cat and msg_to_bin behave the same way
make sure you commented test files
create example files
start adding maximums
add multiple makefiles
call scripts with make
test race conditions, read more on semop
look into the possibility of locking with shm instead of sem
make sure that _EPTRNULL error entries have and/or
determine if sem should lock while reading init msg
lock the semaphore on the same levels, not inside protocol functions
add more error checking... including overwriting existing values, especially in shcon_util. one example- will overwrite semaphore IDs. especially prominent but by far not the only case.
set "read" to 0 after sending a new message!
make protocol into a doc
add hash to msg_t
make it so that resolved blame is not handled by overwriting err_num
make a function to backup errors if ex. we need to unlock or free.
